#this records my findings from the protein blast website

The first amino acid sequence I found had a 100% Query cover for the type III
secretion system protein SpoA in Salmonella enterica, covering the whole
length of the amino acid sequence. Other portions of the amino acid sequence
came up with close matches to other different proteins, such as a Flagellar
motor protein, a SpoA specific protein (surface presentation of antigens),
two other types of flagellar motor protein, and another type III secretion
system protein. This suggests that there is some redundancy or repetition
with amino acids coding for specific type of proteins. Some types of proteins
could be combinations of other, smaller proteins, with only small changes in
the amino acid sequence that allow them to perform more complex functions.
Overall, the entire amino acid sequence may code for a specific type III
secretion protein from the SpoA superfamily, but in order to build such a protein, other proteins, or elements of other proteins, each involved with a specific function (surface presentation of antigens, secretion, etc) must be 
used. The main biological role of an SpoA protein is the cellular amino acid
catabolic process.

For the second amino acid sequence, the closest match (100% Query cover) is
another type of type III secretion protein, this time an SpaS protein, for
Salmonella enterica. SpaS is a  type of surface presentation of anitgens
protein, like SpaA. SpaS is needed for Salmonella to enter into a mammal's
cells. It's main biological role is therefore pathogenisis, or the spread of
itself. 

The third amino acid sequence also belongs to Salmonella enterica, and it's
closest match is ATP synthase SpaL (100% Query cover).

The fourth amino acid sequence is a Salmonella Invasion protein InvJ, from
the SpaN superfamily of proteins that use this type of antigen presentation.
It has 100% query cover for this protein.

The fifth amino acid sequence is another type III secretion protein from
Salmonella enterica, this time from the FliP superfamily of proteins. It has
SpaP surface presentation of antigens. It is a 100% query cover match for 
this protein.

The sixth amino acid is a type II secretion system protein using SpaR 
presentation of anitgens. It is a 100% query cover match for this protein.
This amino acid sequence also has a 91% match for a type III secretion 
protein in E. coli, suggesting that this secretion protein has a similar 
origin. It is possible that an E. coli organism, or many E. coli organisms
long ago supplied the DNA to code for this secretion protein via horizontal
gene transfer. Once inside the Salmonella, the DNA was changed or shuffled
around, becoming what it is today and coding for a very similar protein that
is currently found in E. coli. 










Full amino acid results from gene_finder.py:



['MSLRVRQIDRREWLLAQTATECQRHGREATLEYPTRQGMWVRLSDAEKRWSAWIKPGDWLEHVSPALAGAAVSAGAEHLVVPWLAATERPFELPVPHLSCRRLCVENPVPGSALPEGKLLHIMSDRGGLWFEHLPELPAVGGGRPKMLRWPLRFVIGSSDTQRSLLGRIGIGDVLLIRTSRAEVYCYAKKLGHFNRVEGGIIVETLDIQHIEEENNTTETAETLPGLNQLPVKLEFVLYRKNVTLAELEAMGQQQLLSLPTNAELNVEIMANGVLLGNGELVQMNDTLGVEIHEWLSESGNGE', 'MSSNKTEKPTKKRLEDSAKKGQSFKSKDLIIACLTLGGIAYLVSYGSFNEFMGIIKIIIADNFDQSMADYSLAVFGIGLKYLIPFMLLCLVCSALPALLQAGFVLATEALKPNLSALNPVEGAKKLFSMRTVKDTVKTLLYLSSFVVAAIICWKKYKVEIFSQLNGNIVGIAVIWRELLLALVLTCLACALIVLLLDAIAEYFLTMKDMKMDKEEVKREMKEQEGNPEVKSKRREVHMEILSEQVKSDIENSRLIVANPTHITIGIYFKPELMPIPMISVYETNQRALAVRAYAEKVGVPVIVDIKLARSLFKTHRRYDLVSLEEIDEVLRLLVWLEEVENAGKDVIQPQENEVRH', 'MGIFASAGCGKTMLMHMLIEQTEADVFVIGLIGERGREVTEFVDMLRASHKKEKCVLVFATSDFPSVDRCNAAQLATTVAEYFRDQGKRVVLFIDSMTRYARALRDVALASGERPARRGYPASVFDNLPRLLERPGATSEGSITAFYTVLLESEEEADPMADEIRSILDGHLYLSRKLAGQGHYPAIDVLKSVSRVFGQVTTPTHAEQASAVRKLMTRLEELQLFIDLGEYRPGENIDNDRAMQMRDSLKAWLCQPVAQYSSFDDTLSGMNAFADQN', 'MGDVSAVSSSGNILLPQQDEVGGLSEALKKAVEKHKTEYSGDKKDRDYGDAFVMHKETALPLLLAAWRHGAPAKSEHHNGNVSGLHHNGKSELRIAEKLLKVTAEKSVGLISAEAKVDKSAALLSSKNRPLESVSGKKLSADLKAVESVSEVTDNATGISDDNIKALPGDNKAIAGEGVRKEGAPLARDVAPARMAAANTGKPEDKDHKKVKDVSQLPLQPTTIADLSQLTGGDEKMPLAAQSKPMMTIFPTADGVKGEDSSLTYRFQRWGNDYSVNIQARQAGEFSLIPSNTQVEHRLHDQWQNGNPQRWHLTRDDQQNPQQQQHRQQSGEEDDA', 'MGNDISLIALLAFSTLLPFIIASGTCFVKFSIVFVMVRNALGLQQIPSNMTLNGVALLLSMFVMWPIMHDAYVYFEDEDVTFNDISSLSKHVDEGLDGYRDYLIKYSDRELVQFFENAQLKRQYGEETETVKRDKDEIEKPSIFALLPAYALSEIKSAFKIGFYLYLPFVVVDLVVSSVLLALGMMMMSPVTISTPIKLVLFVALDGWTLLSKGLILQYMDIAT', 'MFYALYFEIHHLVASAALGFARVAPIFFFLPFLNSGVLSGAPRNAIIILVALGVWPHALNEAPPFLSVAMIPLVLQEAAVGVMLGCLLSWPFWVMHALGCIIDNQRGATLSSSIDPANGIDTSEMANFLNMFAAVVYLQNGGLVTMVDVLNKSYQLCDPMNECTPSLPPLLTFINQVAQNALVLASPVVLVLLLSEVFLGLLSRFAPQMNAFAISLTVKSGIAVLIMLLYFSPVLPDNVLRLSFQATGLSSWFYERGATHVLE']
